We briefly touched on the defaultMesageListenerContainer in an earlier module,
here we're going to use it in a more integrated way with the Spring Framework.
The DefaultMessageListenerContainer is really the heavy lifter in the
Spring Framework when it comes to message consumption.
Its role is to connect to a message broker and
consume messages from a destination,
and distribute those messages to messageListeners.
Some of its features are supports multiple consumers dynamically,
scaling up and down based on load,
automatically reconnects in the event of connection failures,
deals with the caching of resources, supports transactions,
and can be stopped and started and runtime.
It doesn't matter whether you're using XML or annotations for configuration.
Under the hood, it's the DefaultMessageListenerContainer that gets instantiated.
An important object that needs to be in place for
instantiation of the container is a ConnectionFactory.
Unlike the JmsTemplate,
they recommend you do not pass in a pooled or cached ConnectionFactory.
It is better to let the container manage its own resources. Therefore in our examples, we'll be using the raw ActiveMQ ConnectionFactory.